pretty much we just need to turn on our
brain five people at the same time and
if we gotta use brain same time and be
as a team and before we use not as a
team using brain which is like going for
on your one-way well we're in week seven
of the na LCS I'm joined right now by
honey from echo fox who I haven't talked
to you for a little bit its coverage
presented by Omni slash honey how have
things been cuz you seem to have I know
you're a very cocky guy you seem to have
a couple off weeks for a little bit
things weren't looking as good in hooni
tone
I mean I'm what's playing well so I
don't really care about it so you know
we're just just trying a lot of stuff
and changing a lot and nobody figure out
you know regular seasons like who cares
about it and I really want to be winner
for this time for probably of which is
like more important and especially this
is summer which is really related to
World Championship and World
Championship is in Korea and my hometown
is clear so I gotta go
all of Korea's your hometown pretty much
that's a pretty big hometown I'm gonna
say honey I mean I'm I'm honey so why
not that doesn't make sense you you seem
to have found your confidence again to
you what do you think it was what did
you do that allowed you to get back into
being hooning again yeah I mean I don't
know I just play try to smarter and like
I think we were like pretty bad at I
like as a team and like we're trying to
be as a better like more macro stuff I'm
definitely like I'm pretty much the same
skill before as like individual
mechanics and like pretty much we just
need to turn on our brain five people at
the same time and if we gotta use brain
same time and be as a team and before we
use not as a team using brain which is
like going for only one way so like it
was like look kind of bad but for now we
made it well in that last game just now
that crazy game against CLG how much of
the team's brain was being used
oh say not even 30% it was too crazy
yeah it was it was pretty rough what was
it like for you in that game cuz the
gold graph they showed the show the gold
graph the gold graph was like this it
was pretty crazy yeah I mean it was like
free pretty fun game huh
I mean definitely it's like I haven't
killa when I was like level three was 11
for some time then I killed the enemy
jungler that's the top two from top
difference and then there was a lot
thing going was going to be like really
good but you know like Arkham was like
wanted to fight like every single time
when their face just showing on the mid
lane and they were just going full harm
with all the rock on that's like are
calm like basically we have like Gragas
rumbles Archon and syndra which is like
we're gonna just kill it no matter what
if you just make one in one mistake so
yeah definitely I reckon was like really
fine but we played just really poorly
like all the game and milla game I feel
like that's why we does like having
pretty rough time and going like really
shaky well you guys had I was shaky a
couple weeks but CLG feels like they're
in freefall I think that's their fifth
lost in a row or lost in a row what is
going on with CLG you just played them
what do you think their problem is
actually I didn't even know they were
having losing streak but I guess they're
having pretty but time but definitely
the wolves like looking pretty good when
they were like they were a pretty high
rank right before like all those summers
played they went one-on-one and won a
bunch and then they went to oh one
weekend and then after the two oh they
went 0-5 I mean anyway like I don't
really know like what happens tells you
for this seasons or like any season any
which is like Springs play first the
eligibles are pretty rough and I don't
know just like there's also may be using
more brain yeah he's a brain game yes do
you think they didn't brain use their
brain in that game a bit so they maybe
use their brain 15% and you guys used
your brain 20% what up I said maybe you
said you echo Fox used your brain their
brain less than 30% and I came right so
maybe CLG only used their brain like 15%
maybe just maybe doctor
okay we actually want to like it's a
like really one paper difference what
windmill na teams use 100 percent of
their brain because I feel like we're
gonna need a hundred percent of our
brain at Worlds
I hope so I mean that's not usually any
team you do when they go intentionally
they're turned off or also brain like 50
percent tears off and like yeah I mean
it's just like freakin any team I don't
want to show that and we'll try at least
only go for saving finals what what do
you think of SKT I heard they're now
eliminated from playoffs did you know
that pretty much also they almost out of
other like Dogon to live for World
Championship cheer so feels bad man I'm
pretty sad for dad I'm really sorry for
that but you know it's just SKT SKT he's
sure it's not gonna change and I know
they're really good player too so I
don't really care I mean if they don't
make Worlds it'll feel like history will
change like they were so dominant for so
long it will change but you know also at
2014 and for SKT they didn't make it so
it'd be like sometimes happens it just
happened do you think that they can
figure it out before the end of the year
nah I mean is there still a chance that
they can't go for like going well yeah I
hear they can all still make gauntlet
but they can't make it to playoffs I
think you know I hope they made it there
I hope I hope they make it and you know
they still have chance yeah so if they
come back and if you see on the SKT of
the worst it's gonna be fine yeah
hey the last question I'll ask you right
and answer the world's schedule for this
year and group stage it used to be like
four days then you had a couple days off
then you have four days again now it is
eight days group stages just eight days
non-stop and then there's two days off
then you go into quarterfinals so what
do you think of the schedule change for
worlds you do you wish that did you like
the break between groups week one and
week two or is it better to do it
eight days it really depends on how
state us a like team right now so like
except for example when I was in Friday
my week wine was like really bad like I
think I finished I guess a one tear so
we wanted to have like kind of beside
but we actually got the from like two
days off which is like pretty good right
because the state that's rule or like
that's not like something stuff so it
was like pretty good actually
so ended we actually having ends of like
after to do and v2 and IV just ends up
forest places finished it which is like
kind of make sense we got to reset it's
pretty good but when you're also like
dominating everyone a quick one probably
you not want to have like reset it so
probably it's gonna be depends on how
state as a team but I would say problems
good general if it's like short-term and
no matter what it should be good if your
do team but as answer you if you're not
good team probably you'd rather have
like reset time probably are you worried
about fatigue at all from not having a
chance to take a break like just playing
eight days that's a lot are you playing
every day I don't know I guess you would
you would play you would play six so
that but either way I mean it could be
pretty testing yeah but I do it should
be fine I feel like I'll prefer we don't
have been great because I know I'm
better player yeah alright anything you
want to say to any of the fans you could
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
this is she's the woman that does all
the emotes for my twitch channel and she
says she only does it for people who
were actually very popular so if you
don't sub to my channel and watch my
videos she said that she's never gonna
do any more emails during twitch channel
see look she's already leaving because
I'm becoming less popular she's looking
for popular people to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni slash but please
subscribe go follow my twitch channel
which I also put in the description when
she's gone